#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{xeCJK}    %支持中、日、韩语言
\setCJKmainfont{SimSun}  %宋体
\usepackage{tikzit}  %支持tikzit工具
\input{sample.tikzstyles}   %导入tikzit样式

\usepackage{lastpage}
\usepackage{fancyhdr}
\pagestyle{fancy}
\lhead{Team \# 1911426} 
\chead{} 
\rhead{page \thepage\ of \pageref{LastPage}}
\cfoot{}                                                
\rfoot{}                                                     
\lfoot{}   
\usepackage{tocbibind}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "Times New Roman"
\font_sans "default" "Times New Roman"
\font_typewriter "default" "Times New Roman"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A freeway is a controlled-access highway designed for high-speed vehicles.
 It provides an unhindered flow of traffic with no traffic lights or intersectio
ns.
 The Keep-Right-Except-To-Pass (KRETP) rule, also known as “Slower Traffic
 Keep Right,” is often employed in right-hand traffic to raise traffic flow.
 In this paper, we simulate different rules for overtaking and compare them
 so as to attempt to find an optimal rule.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Test context of reference
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "L-zynq"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Background
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
E=mc^{2}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
F=ma
\end{equation}

\end_inset

HF radio waves can be transmitted in the following three modes: skywave,
 ground wave, direct wave [1].
 The "Multi-hop HF Radio propagation" referred in the MCM’s problem A is
 an application of sky wave.
 Skywave which we use in our model is propagated relying the ionosphere
 which is the high-level (80 to 1000 kilometers above the ground) atmosphere
 ionized by solar radiation [6].
 Because of the multiple reflections off the ionosphere and off the earth,
 its propagation distance can be very far, generally more than 9600 kilometers
 [2].
 The disad-vantage is that it is affected by the climate and the transmission
 signal is very unstable.
 The short-wave frequency band is the best of the skywave propagation.
 Figure 1 displays the propagation mode.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Restatement of the problem
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This is a figure:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float figure
placement H
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\align center
\begin_inset CommandInset include
LatexCommand include
filename "figures/03_flowchart.tex"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Flowchart
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset

We are required to build a mathematical model to analyze the performance
 of KRETP and alternative rules.
 We have two subproblems:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Build a model that can simulate the overtaking process.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Propose mathematical criteria to determine the performance of a rule.
 In the first step, we build a model with inputs such as the speed limit
 plus other factors.
 In the second step, we consider the tradeoff between traffic flow, safety,
 and other factors.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Literature Review
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
X=\intop_{t_{0}}^{t}vdt
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Nagel and Schreckenberg [1992] built a model to simulate freeway traffic,
 a simple cellular automaton model known as the “N-S model.” They defined
 a one-dimensional lane.
 In their model, each site may be occupied byone vehicle or else be empty.
 Each vehicle hasan integer velocitybetween 0 and vmax.
 At each time step, four sub-steps are performed: acceleration, slowing
 down, random speeding or slowing, and car motion.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rickert et al.
 [1996] introduced a model with two parallel lanes.
 Several conditions have to be fulfilled before a vehicle changes lanes:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
no other vehicle is in the way,
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
other lanes are better, and
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
no collision will occur.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
They too simulated using a cellular automaton, with reasonable results.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A multi-lane model does not have to be lane-symmetric.
 Differences may include different speed limits on each lane, different
 kinds of vehicles, etc.
 Chowdhuryet al.
 [1997] created a model with different kinds of vehicles with different
 maximum speeds.
 They showed that even if the share of “slow cars” is relatively low, “fast
 cars” can move only at a low speed.
 However, Knospe and Santen [1999] suggested that the influence of “slow
 cars” might have been overestimated.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
