#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "Times New Roman"
\font_sans "default" "Times New Roman"
\font_typewriter "default" "Times New Roman"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Model Expansion
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Our previous model is based on the assumption that species are subject to
 random distribution.
 Under this assumption, we ignore the differences in the environment.
 However, in the real world, the environment of a region cannot be the same
 everywhere.
 Therefore, the distribution trend of sheep or cattle should concentrate
 in good environment.
 In order to get closer to the actual situation, we use ...
 to predict.
 This algorithm is based on ...
 principle, 
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
a brief introduction to one or two sentences
\end_layout

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We determined a test sample of species density based on the number of sheep
 and cattle in states of Australian.
 According to the test samples, we train through machine learning...
 As a result, the species appropriate survival map in Australia is shown
 in the Fig.
 .
 It can be reasonably assumed that the more suitable the species to survive,
 the greater the distribution density of the species.
 So we use the species appropriate survival map to represent the distribution
 density of the species.
 Replacing the random distribution with this distribution density will make
 our model more realistic.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
