#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "Times New Roman"
\font_sans "default" "Times New Roman"
\font_typewriter "default" "Times New Roman"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Conclusion
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Our Conclusion
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
What is the ecological impact and requirements of the dragons? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
What are the energy expenditures of the dragons, and what are their caloric
 intake requirements? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
How much area is required to support the three dragons? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
How large a community is necessary to support a dragon for varying levels
 of assistance that can be provided to the dragons? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Be clear about what factors you are considering when addressing these questions.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
前面叙述结论，最后可以加一段，考虑到物种的繁衍，龙能稳定存在所需要的最小种群规模是多大，才不至于近亲繁殖灭绝。这个最小种群规模，需要多大的面积来供养他们。结合地
球实际的数据，我们断定，龙是不可能在地球上生存的。
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Through our model, we derived that the dragon's growth curve is S-shaped.
 It takes 280 years for a dragon to reach the upper limit of weight.
 The dragon is in initial growth stage before the age of 19.
 After the age of 131, the dragon enter steady growth stage.
 The age from 19 to 131 is exponential growth stage.
 The dragon grew fastest at the age of 52.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
By analyzing the energy composition required by a dragon, our model figured
 out that a dragon's energy expenditures consist of five categories.
 The curve of the energy a gragon need vary with time is also S-shaped.
 A mature dragon need about 140000 million calories per two days, which
 consist of a community of 
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
多少只羊，多少只牛
\end_layout

\end_inset

.
 And it needs at least about 14000 km
\begin_inset Formula $^{2}$
\end_inset

 area to support three mature dragons.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
