#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "Times New Roman"
\font_sans "default" "Times New Roman"
\font_typewriter "default" "Times New Roman"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Subsection
Future Work
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
We could consider the categories of preys will vary with districts under
 different climates.
 For example, the dragon can predate polar bears and walrus in the Arctic
 while penguins in the Antarctic, but these animals do not exist in the
 tropical area.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
We could consider the different predating difficulties provided by the environme
nt.
 For example, the landform is grass in temperate zone causing an easier
 predating, while that is forest causing a hurdle for predating because
 of the predator's hiding.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
We could extend our model to the condition of predating on the sea.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Our Conclusion
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
What is the ecological impact and requirements of the dragons? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
What are the energy expenditures of the dragons, and what are their caloric
 intake requirements? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
How much area is required to support the three dragons? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
How large a community is necessary to support a dragon for varying levels
 of assistance that can be provided to the dragons? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Be clear about what factors you are considering when addressing these questions.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Through our model, we derive that the dragon's growth curve is S-shaped.
 It takes 280 years for a dragon to reach the upper limit of weight, which
 is 281.6 tons.
 The dragon is in the initial growth stage before the age of 19.
 After the age of 131, the dragon enters steady growth stage.
 The age from 19 to 131 is exponential growth stage, while the dragon grew
 fastest at the age of 52.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
By analyzing the energy composition required by a dragon, our model figured
 out that a dragon's energy expenditure consists of five categories, which
 are: energy for basic metabolism, energy for growth, energy for flight,
 energy for breathing fire and energy for recovery of trauma.
 The curve of the energy a dragon's need vary with time is also S-shaped.
 A mature dragon requires about 140000 million calories each two days, which
 includes a community of 470 cattle and 178 sheep.
 The energy for breathing fire takes a high percentage of the total energy
 expenditure when the dragon is young.
 The energy for basic metabolism takes the most percentage of the total
 energy expenditure during the whole life of the dragon.
 And it needs at least about 14000 km
\begin_inset Formula $^{2}$
\end_inset

 area to support three mature dragons to live.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As for the influence of climate conditions, we consider the factors of the
 temperature and the humidity.
 Our results show that the higher the temperature, the less energy the dragon
 consumes.
 The higher the humidity, the lower the energy the dragon needs.
 And the influence of temperature on the dragon is greater than that of
 humidity.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To determine what is the ecological impact of a dragon, we simulated an
 ecosystem with three different types of preys.
 The results reveal the dragon has a great impact on the prey with high
 energy and dense distribution, while has little impact on prey with low
 energy and sparse distribution.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Besides, if we suppose the dragons breed through sexual multiplication,
 it will not be stable for three dragons to make up of a population.
 By referring to the literature, we discover that the number of the individual
 that consists of a stable population will be more than 500 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Z-conclusion"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
 According to our model, it will take approximately 
\begin_inset Formula $2.33\times10^{6}$
\end_inset

 km
\begin_inset Formula $^{2}$
\end_inset

 area for these dragons to live, almost 
\begin_inset Formula $30$
\end_inset

% of Australia.
 In summary, the dragon can be alive on the earth.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
