#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{xeCJK}    %支持中、日、韩语言
\setCJKmainfont{SimSun}  %宋体
\usepackage{tikzit}  %支持tikzit工具
\input{sample.tikzstyles}   %导入tikzit样式

\usepackage{lastpage}
\usepackage{fancyhdr}
\pagestyle{fancy}
\lhead{Team \# 77824} 
\chead{} 
\rhead{page \thepage\ of \pageref{LastPage}}
\cfoot{}                                                
\rfoot{}                                                     
\lfoot{}   
\usepackage{tocbibind}
\usepackage{enumitem}
\setlist{nolistsep}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options false
\begin_modules
shapepar
tabs-within-sections
eqs-within-sections
figs-within-sections
theorems-ams
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "Times New Roman"
\font_sans "default" "Times New Roman"
\font_typewriter "default" "Times New Roman"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures false
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement h
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style unsrt
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2.5cm
\topmargin 2.5cm
\rightmargin 2.5cm
\bottommargin 2.5cm
\headsep 0.5cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Subsection
Insight for Other Realms
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Our model focuses on the dragon, which is a fictional creature that does
 not exist in the real world.
 Nevertheless, our model has great inspiration for biological species research.
 Researchers can use our model with a few modifications to make it suitable
 for:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Study the growth of individual species.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Study the energy consumption of individual species, the energy conversion
 relationship between several species.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Determine the impact of new species on the environment and whether it can
 adapt to the local environment.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Predict the distribution of various species.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Forecasting biological invasions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For example, we need to analyze the endangered species.
 We can simulate the survival of these species according to the environmental
 conditions, and judge whether these species can continue to survive.
 If they can't survive, we need to make helpful changes to its preys and
 living environment to help them survive, which can be derived by our model.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
