#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{xeCJK}    %支持中、日、韩语言
\setCJKmainfont{SimSun}  %宋体
%\usepackage{tikzit}  %支持tikzit工具
%\input{sample.tikzstyles}   %导入tikzit样式

\usepackage{lastpage}
\usepackage{fancyhdr}
\pagestyle{fancy}
\lhead{Team \# 1911426} 
\chead{} 
\rhead{page \thepage\ of \pageref{LastPage}}
\cfoot{}                                                
\rfoot{}                                                     
\lfoot{}   
\usepackage{tocbibind}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "Times New Roman"
\font_sans "default" "Times New Roman"
\font_typewriter "default" "Times New Roman"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement h
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style unsrt
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2.5cm
\topmargin 2.5cm
\rightmargin 2.5cm
\bottommargin 2.5cm
\headsep 0.5cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Letter to George R.R.
 Martin
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing onehalf
\noindent

\size large
Dear Martin,
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing onehalf
\noindent

\size large
We are a group taking part in the competition of MCM, and we also fascinate
 the TV series 
\shape italic
Game of Throne
\shape default
s, which is adapted from your famous novel 
\shape italic
A Song of Ice and Fire
\shape default
.
 We are especially interested in the three dragons appearing in your novel.
 Dragon is a mysterious and formidable creature, which raises our curiosity
 for deeply research.
 We present our findings in this letter, hoping these will be helpful for
 your writing.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing onehalf
\noindent

\size large
We take the biggest dragon Balerion, the Black Dread, as an example.
 According to the description in your novel, Balerion's head is as large
 as a carriage.
 We use the body of T.
 rex to analogize, estimating that the mature Barlerion's weight will be
 281.6 tons.
 By referring to the biological law, we determine that it takes 280 years
 for Barlerion to reach its upper limit weight.
 Its growing curve can be depicted as 'S' trend.
 The dragon is in the initial growth stage before the age of 19.
 After the age of 131, the dragon enters steady growth stage.
 The exponential growth stage comes from age 19 till 131.
 The dragon grows fastest at the age of 52.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing onehalf
\noindent

\size large
For the total energy expenditure for a dragon, we do not consider the case
 with magic, which means the dragon cannot create energy by itself.
 The total energy expenditure for the dragon can be divided into five parts:
 the energy for the basic metabolism, growth, flying, breathing fire and
 recovery from trauma.
 We suppose that the dragon will fly and breath fire only while it is predating,
 and the time period for its predation lasts for two days.
 It will consume almost 140 billion calories.
 This means the dragon has to eat 178 sheep and 470 cattle per two days,
 which is tremendous.
 The total energy expenditure for dragon mostly consists of the energy for
 basic metabolism in its whole life.
 The energy for breathing fire first takes a high percentage of total energy
 expenditure when the dragon is young, and then decreases until become steady.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing onehalf
\noindent

\size large
Besides, if the dragon exists in real life, this will obviously bring a
 great impact on the environment.
 We consider a situation of an area including three preys: sheep, cattle,
 and hare, which differs a lot in distribution density and meat energy.
 Then we stimulate the condition within the time period for a two days'
 predation.
 As a result, cattle are most affected, followed by sheep, and hares take
 the least.
 That is to say, the dragon has a great impact on the prey with high energy
 and dense distribution, and has little impact on prey with low energy and
 sparse distribution.
 
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing onehalf
\noindent

\size large
Then, our model considers that dragons might travel to different regions
 of the world under different climates.
 The climate changes will both influence the dragon and the preys' distribution.
 We choose four states in Australia to simulate, of which the temperature
 and humidity are different.
 Our results show that the higher the temperature, the less energy the dragon
 consumes.
 The higher the humidity, the lower the energy the dragon needs.
 And the influence of temperature on the dragon is greater than humidity.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing onehalf
\noindent

\size large
Besides, if we suppose the dragons breed through sexual multiplication,
 it will not be stable for three dragons to make up of a population.
 According to scientific researches, we discover that the number of individuals
 which consists of a stable population will be more than 500.
 After modeling, we find it will take approximately 2.33
\begin_inset Formula $\times$
\end_inset

10
\begin_inset Formula $^{6}$
\end_inset

 km
\begin_inset Formula $^{2}$
\end_inset

 area for these three dragons to live, almost 30% of Australia.
 In summary, it is possible for the dragon to be alive on the earth theoreticall
y, but require a lot of resources and territory.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align right

\size large
Yours sincerely,
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align right

\size large
Team 1911426
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
